Man: I overlay three
level 2 giant germs!
And these germs are
gonna make you feel sick
cause now I can build
the overlay network!
BRONK: He's gonna xyz
summon with them!
Now Appear,
number 96: Dark mist!
It only has a hundred
attack points?
TORI: Is that right?
He's so big!
YUMA: Yep, and the bigger
they are the Harder they fall!
Wait, yuma!
Maybe it's you who's
fallin' for a trap!
ASTRAL: Bronk is right,
we must be careful.
Careful schmareful,
attack, utopia!
No wait!
Cut Right through
that mist!
Oh no!
Go Rising sun slash!
I did it!
I won!
And to the Victor go the spoils.
Or in this case, the number 96!
Way to duel, yuma!
Yeah, I got skills
that give the chills!
I'm tellin' you guys,
these days, no one
can beat me!
I'm not just feeling the
flow, I am the flow!
Wow, you sure
are confident.
Too confident
if you ask me.
Don't forget
your roots, yuma.
My roots?
C'mon, be serious.
I am being serious,
you got to where you are
with my help.
We used to be a team!
Well now I'm a solo act!
And I never needed you anyhow.
Ya know you got a
real big mouth!
No, you do!
I meant figuratively!
Well I mean literally!
Would you knock it off!
No but I'll knock
bronk's block off!
Bring it on!
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
Duel period!
Now, who to throw down with...
boys will be boys.
or in this case, babies.
with Every new number card,
a new Memory reveals itself.
but this particular memory...
has left me with more
questions than answers.
It's been three days
since bronk and I talked.
That's the longest
we've gone since...
Well, since we first met.
And how did you two meet?
Hi, I'm yuma tsukumo!
and it's my dream
to be a duel champion!
A duel champion?
So how many wins
do ya got so far?
Actually, I haven't
won once yet.
And he wants to be champ!
I'll never forget it.
we were all laughing, then
he goes and challenges me.
I will be a duel
champion, you'll see!
Only thing I'm seein'
is me with a "W"!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
He totally kicked
my Butt that day...
but when I asked for a
rematch, he let me have one...
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
I won't give up, never ever!
Before I knew it,
I liked the kid.
we were friends.
What do ya
mean 'apologize?'
well one of you has
to be the bigger man.
Yeah and bronk's way bigger than
me, so it'll have to be him.
But...
yuma...
listen to your friend
Tori, she has a point.
Bronk is your best friend.
So why not simply swallow your
pride and go talk to him?
I'll tell ya why.
Cuz I had a big lunch
and I'm not hungry.
Hey, hold up!
Well that's what ya get
for grabbing at me!
What is happening?
Astral!
Don't see that everyday!
Wait...
number 96!
It is trying to
take control of me!
What do you mean "trying
to take control of you"?
number 96: He means that
when you dropped your key,
you allowed me to escape.
And now that I am free,
I can take control of your
dear friend, astral.
Hey, let go of me!
TOGETHER: Put him down!
If This is a bad dream,
someone wake me up!
Oh, this is no
simple nightmare...
yuma, listen carefully,
you must give your
utopia to bronk.
But why?
Just do it!
Bronk...
catch!
No way!
Astral, no!
Onto Step two...
acquiring number 39: Utopia!
Let me go, and tell me
what you did with astral!
I will be the one making
the demands here, not you!
And right now I am
demanding that number card!
Bronk, what's going on?
I don't know,
but I got a hunch it has
something to do with this key.
If I can just get it back to
yuma, maybe things'll be okay.
but that means I
gotta free Yuma first!
Hey Tall, dark and creepy,
if ya want this number so
bad, beat me in a duel!
A duel?
No, bronk!
Just run!
Forget me,
and save yourself!
No way, no how, yuma!
I never leave a friend behind.
And like it or not,
you're still my friend!
I am?
How touching.
Very Well, let us duel!
Duel Disk go!
And duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Oh and by the way,
yuma will be dueling for me.
Not his mind, but his body.
So be careful...
I'm gonna go first!
So get ready!
My draw!
First, I'm summonin'
out aye-Iron!
Next I'll deck aye-Iron out with
the equip spell spring punch!
Then I activate
aye-Iron's special ability!
So now my aye-Iron packs on
400 pounding attack points!
And that activates
spring punch's effect!
When my monster gains
attack points,
you take half its attack
points as damage!
That equals a thousand!
Yuma!
Don't worry
about me, bronk.
Just keep dueling!
Next I activate the spell card
gearspring Catapult and then...
I end my turn!
hold on pal,
I'm gonna save ya...
my turn now!
So draw!
First up, I am
summoning acorno!
I can summon this card
by sending one card
in my hand to the graveyard.
And you see,
since the card I sent
to the grave is
pinecono, it now sprouts up
right back on the field!
Next I summon forth darklon!
And now you're in a
very hairy situation.
You see, when darklon is
summoned, all my monsters
increase their level by 1.
But I'm not done yet, next I'm
overlaying these three level 2's
in order to build the overlay
network and xyz summon a copy of
myself - Number 96: Dark mist!
Oh man, that thing already
summoned a number card!
Wait, how is that
thing dark mist?
I know, it's completely
different from before!
That is because This is dark
mist's True appearance.
And now dark mist,
attack aye-Iron!
He's attacking me
with just 100 points?
Not exactly.
I activate dark mist's special
ability - Shadow gain!
By Using One overlay Unit,
dark mist Can steal half of your
monster's attack points in order
to power itself up!
Then that means dark mist will
always have more attack points
than whatever monster I got!
You catch on quickly!
Now,
let him have it!
Whiplash WHIRLWIND!
Next I place two cards
facedown and end my turn!
I guess now I know
what I'm up against,
and I'm not scared at all!
Cuz I got the spell card
gearspring catapult
backing me up!
Now every time
it's my turn,
I Crank one gearspring counter!
Counter?
That's right.
If I'm gonna Max
out my card's effect,
I gotta increase
my counters!
Oh Please, this duel will not
last long enough for that
strategy to work out.
Next I summon tin goldfish!
But I'm not done yet,
now, I play iron call!
And it's gonna be
a call to arms!
Since there's a machine-Type
monster on my field,
I can summon a level 4-Or-Below
machine right from my graveyard!
So jump back in this, aye-Iron!
Then I activate the spell
card Iron Draw from my hand!
See, since there are two
machine-Type monsters
on my field, iron
draw lets me draw
two more cards!
don't worry yuma,
you're gonna be safe soon!
Now I'll be overlaying level 4
tin goldfish and aye-Iron...
and creating the
overlay network!
And you know
what that means!
Here comes an xyz summon!
Appear, number 39: Utopia!
Utopia...
I have been waiting
for you, number 39.
Yuma, what's happening?
It's like...
I can feel its
power... alright!
Next I play gearspring
Catapult's effect!
By Using One gearspring counter,
I can increase utopia's attack
points by 500 this turn.
3000 attack points!
That's right!
Now attack, utopia!
Yes by all means, please go
right on ahead and attack...
so that I can play dark
Mist's ability - Shadow gain!
Oh man!
You can even use that
ability during my turn?
Dark Mist stole
utopia's attack points!
And it is going
to use them, too!
Look out, bronk!
Go Whiplash whirlwind!
I activate utopia's
special ability!
It stops utopia
from attacking!
Way to Play
'd', bronk!
Way to play right
into my hands!
I now play the trap
counterforce!
Since you stopped
your utopia's attack,
you take damage equal to
the difference in our two
monsters' attack points!
Wait, so bronk gets hit
with 1100 points of damage?
Oh No, bronk!
Perhaps now you see,
for every move you make,
I can make one better!
We're in trouble...
how am I going to
beat this thing?
It gets stronger whenever
it attacks or I attack it!
Stay Tough, ya hear me?
yuma...
astral?
Is that you?
Yuma listen carefully,
I have a plan...
from my hand,
I activate the spell
automatic gearspring machine!
Automatic, 'cause
fro e second
it hits the field, it's
got two gearspring counters.
Then every time my
turn comes, it gets one more.
But the best part is by sending
this card to the graveyard,
I can move its
gearspring counters
to a completely
different card!
And just what are you planning
with All those counters?
You'll find out,
trust me.
Next I'll throw a facedown,
and end my turn, which means
catapult's effect vanishes,
and utopia loses 500 points.
[screaming]
what's going on?
Yuma!
Do Not fret about yuma.
He is just getting into
his role as my pawn!
And now it is...
my draw!
First, dark mist
will attack utopia!
But not before mist
gains some power...
from the shadows!
I play utopia's
special ability!
Light Wing shield!
Nothing Can
protect him now!
Not once I play...
Overlay banish!
It negates your monster's
special ability!
But you know
what is not negated?
Whiplash whirlwind!
Get up, bronk!
Yes Please do,
so you can now see me destroy
your gearspring catapult!
No way!
Did you really think
that I was going to
let you keep your spell card?
It is obvious you are
planning to use it to power up
the next monster you summon.
You're wrong.
What bronk is planning
to do is take you
down with a single
finishing blow.
A single blow?
Yes, his facedown card
is gearspring exploder.
Don't give away
his strategy, yuma!
No, do.
I find this all
quite enlightening.
You see, with
gearspring exploder,
when it becomes bronk's
turn and he gains counters,
he'll deal 800 points of damage
for every counter that he has.
800 points?
So next turn...
gearspring catapult and
automatic gearspring machine
will each gain one counter for a
total of four.
And that will mean a total
of 3200 points of damage.
If gearspring exploder
activates, we will be defeated.
Thanks for the info.
Yuma...
in that case,
I will just destroy
that facedown card.
I am now activating the spell
xyz cyclone from my hand!
With this card, if an xyz
monster was destroyed,
one trap card is
destroyed, as well!
so much for
gearspring exploder
and with that,
I will end my turn...
thank you, yuma.
Always nice to get
the inside scoop.
I can't believe it.
yuma sold me out.
Your friend yuma has shown
me how to beat you.
His loyalty to me
has sealed your doom!
Give up now, and I
will show you mercy.
"I won't give up, never ever!"
same with me!
I won't give up!
just Like yuma never has!
wait a sec, and maybe
he still hasn't.
of course!
Here goes,
my draw!
Perfect.
First Things first!
I put one counter on both
gearspring catapult and
automatic gearspring machine!
It is pointless to
keep fighting.
Next I remove three counters
from automatic gearspring
machine to summon...
this!
Gearspring spirit!
With the power of
gearspring spirit,
I can change one of your
monsters' attack points to 0
until the end of this turn!
It what?
Next I activate the spell
card Monster Reborn
so come on back utopia!
Yeah, way to go, bronk!
Wait, what is
going on here?
Way to duel, bronk!
Hold on,
you are my servant!
Yeah his body, but not his
mind. You said it yourself!
See, it's gearspring
catapult that's the key
to winning this match.
If you destroyed it, I
wouldn't have had a chance!
That's why yuma pretended to
be your mindless servant.
To trick you into
forgetting about my
catapult!
I do not believe it!
You better believe it. The only
people I serve are my buddies.
I now activate gearspring
catapult's effect!
By Removing one
gearspring counter,
utopia gains 500 attack points!
I do not like this!
Well then you're gonna
positively hate
what's coming up next!
Do Ya feel it, bronk?
I sure do!
You bet. I'm feeling the flow!
This cannot be!
Go Rising sun slash!
No way...I... I lost?
Impossible!
Hey Yuma, heads up!
Thanks!
Whoa...
you did it, bronk!
Thanks, pal!
And Thanks for setting me up for
that way awesome Combo move!
Uh...Yeah, it's
uh my pleasure.
Oh, it was astral's idea, huh?
No way, of course not!
Astral Had nothing to do with
it, ya know, for the most part.
I knew it.
I figured it was too
smart a plan for you!
What?
How dare you!
I bet you wish you
were half as smart as me!
Well yuma, I'm smart
enough to take that bet.
Why I oughta...
only friends so close
could fight so much.
Take it back!
You gotta lotta nerve!
I demand an apology!
If only all fighting could
be so harmless.
Number 96.
Are there more memories like you?